# [HTTP Echo](https://github.com/calittle/documaker/tree/master/misc/httpecho.py)
A handy python HTTP echo server in case you need to stand up a quick server to test WS-Addresing ReplyTo URIs or other HTTP-based communication. Basically an echo sink/dump.

# [SendEMLMail](https://github.com/calittle/documaker/tree/master/misc/SendEMLMail)
Yet Another Java SendMail client. This isn't even something you even need to use. It's just a tool I use when I need to send a file via SMTP using an SMTP server that requires authentication. Specifically I used it to demonstrate how Documaker can support an email _preheader_ which is marketing-speak for a bit of text that appears in the subject line of an email, but isn't the subject. For Documaker all you need to do is put some text at the top of your form set (e.g. in the first form's header section) and make that text small and print in __white__ (or match the background color of your email content). You can also make the font as small as possible, but that's not required. You can hard code the text, or you can make it a variable, either way works. That's all there is to it. You can see in the other file in this repo (message.eml) where there is a bit of text that doesn't display in the HTML but if you look at the source you'll see this line: ```<TD style="PADDING-LEFT: 0.00pt; PADDING-TOP: 0.00pt; PADDING-RIGHT: 0pt; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0pt; WIDTH: 609.72pt; " width="609.75" valign="top"><P style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" align="left"><SPAN class="TFID32091" style="COLOR: #FFFFFF">Welcome to your policy from Oracle.</SPAN></P>``` and that's the text!

# [BarcodeGenerator](https://github.com/calittle/documaker/tree/master/misc/BarcodeGenerator)
Experimental code for generating 2D barcodes using the ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") library.